PHP Final Project Proposal
Wes Skiba, Nick Rajotte

For our final we will be making an online address book.  This address book will allow users who have logged into their account to store contacts that they can search through later using a search feature.  The user will be able to add new contacts, search for contacts entered already and view those or edit the information in the contact info.  It will also have a button that will allow them to share the contact info of themselves or others they have with other users.  For this project we will have to create a database that will contain a user table and a contact table.  Wes will handle the database implementation for the project.  The front end of the project will be designed and developed by Nick.  Our PHP work for connecting to the database/login verification will be handled by Nick, while Wes will take care of Creating and updating methods necessary for contacts.  Editing and Deleting will be worked on together to ensure we get those working properly and contacts aren’t inadvertently lost in the editing process.
Database Design should not take too long since it will be a smaller database it is estimated that 4 hours will be needed to complete this task.  Front End design should be estimated at 4 hours of work as well.  With minimal pages needed for this project it should not take past that to complete the front end development.  Database connection/Login Verification should also be a quick task and will be estimated at about 5 hours of work in case any troubleshooting in necessary.  Creating and Viewing will probably take a good amount of time to ensure it is working properly, so we will estimate a full day(8 hours) for that task.  Editing and deleting will estimate 8 hours for each task to allow for troubleshooting problems that will likely arise during the coding phase.

